We need to spawn dedicated subagents to further review the implementation. Note that the below contain two sections, one is coding standard and the other is documentation.

 

Coding Standard rules:

1.           write extremely simple code, it should be "skimmable" and you should still be able to understand it

2.           minimize possible states by reducing number of arguments, remove or narrow any state

3.           use discriminated unions to reduce number of states the code can be in

4.           exhaustively handle any objects with multiple different types, fail on unknown type

5.           don't write defensive code, assume the values are always what types tell you they are

6.           use asserts when loading data, and always be highly opinionated about the parameters you pass around. don't let things be optional if not strictly required

7.           remove any changes that are not strictly required

8.           bias for fewer lines of code

9.           no complex or clever code

10.        don't break out into too many function, that's hard to read

11.        early returns are great

12.        use asserts instead of try catches or default values when you do expect something to exist

13.        never pass overrides except strictly necessary, keep argument count low

14. don't make arguments optional if they are actually required

15. Ensure variables and functions naming are consistent, easy to understand

16. Ensure NOT to change any functionalities of the features, the focus is to write clean code. Aiming for elegancy, simple code and functional programming that follow the best programming fundamental and best practices. Ensuring the changes and ONLY changes we made are organized and maintainable on the long run.

17. Again the code must follow the best Engineer practices, standard and fundamental such as DRY, SOLID, ETC (Easy to Change and Maintain)

 

Ensure that the functionalities and behaviors of the features are preserved.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

need to follow:

 

- Code or docstring/comments that use internal notes are forbidden. For example, "phase1", "phase2", etc.. Are not allowed to be used as variable, type, function name.

 

- This type of comment needs to be updated: "    """Run the DI-bound parse/chunk phase without embedding or uploading.""" why does it matter to comment " without embedding or uploading." Does this provide any value at all? Obviously not, it does NOT. This comment is utterly useless, it simply tells what the code is doing where the reader can simply read the code itself to understand. Either think of WHY and comment it or remove it entirely.

 

Other examples are:

```

def list_blobs_by_prefix(prefix: str) -> list[str]:

    """Return all blob names under the given prefix."""

    container = get_container()

    return [blob.name for blob in container.list_blobs(name_starts_with=prefix)]

 

 

def delete_blob(blob_key: str) -> None:

    """Delete a single blob by key."""

    container = get_container()

    container.delete_blob(blob_key)

```

 

This is a very bad practice.

Again, Follow the rules from Agents.md and again ensure all documentation explain the 'WHY', some of 'WHAT' is fine if the function and logic is complex - it's good to abstract the complex parts with natural language. However ensure there is no em dashes - please replace them with word or colons. Also no special characters or emojis like arrow.

 

Further redundancy like:

```

logging.info("Sync data ingestion request received.")

```

Needs to be removed entirely. This provides 0 value at all.

 

Something like this is fine, it follows the best standard practices for public function to have docstring that shows args and returns and their meaning and usage. AS well as why.

def format_api_response(result: Dict[str, Any], tool_name: str) -> ToolResponse:

    """Format API response with tool name, follow-up questions, and supplemental data.

   

    Keys 'answer' and 'followup_questions' are mapped to dedicated ToolResponse fields.

    Any additional keys in the result dict are collected into supplemental_data.

   

    Args:

        result: The API response dictionary containing 'answer' and 'followup_questions'

        tool_name: The name of the tool that generated the response

       

    Returns:

        ToolResponse object with structured tool output

    """

The more critical is the one that state internal discussion or within md docs that should not be used as code (variable, function, etc...).

 

---

 

Write docstrings and comments that are concise and self-contained: a reader

with no access to other documentation, code, or this conversation should

still fully understand the behavior.

 

- Explain only what is non-obvious. Skip anything already visible from the

  function signature, variable names, or a sentence stated one line earlier,

  including its logical negation (e.g. don't follow "X is skipped" with

  "without this, X would not be skipped").

- If you name a system, mechanism, or term the reader could not already

  know, explain concretely what it is in the same sentence. Never name a

  concept and move on without defining it.

- Never include internal discussion, debugging history, or migration

  rationale ("we used to do X", "ran into issue Y and fixed it with Z").

- No em dashes, no double-hyphen substitutes, no arrows. Use plain words

  or normal punctuation instead.

 

DocString or inline comments should be simple plain English that is as direct as possible. For example: "If there's a real structured filter (e.g. project_solution eq 'SAP'), fire one extra facet call (free) that checks only the filter, ignoring the search text completely. Essentially: "does anything in the whole index match this filter, yes or no."

This captures the design and intention of the function and it's purpose and also the rationale behind it. Make sure to use Common Dev/Eng vocabs, things like "relevance guess" is terrible. Also this can be in a sentence or two. THe less wrod/verbose, the better it is. As long as we are able to capture all main points/topics.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

rules

 

- Name the literal term and the actual field being searched, not a paraphrase of the idea.

- No em dashes. Use a colon, comma, or period.

- Resolve ambiguous nouns (e.g. a bare "items" that could mean rows, requests, or results).

- State the mechanism, never a feeling. No vague phrases like "a relevance guess".

- Every claim carries its number and its source step.

- One line of why after the concrete what. Not a paragraph.

- No ticket numbers, internal plan-task labels, or references to files the reader cannot

  open.

 

No unexplained comparatives

 

A comparative word ("sharpest", "strongest", "best", "top") asserts a judgment without

giving the reason. State the reason instead of the judgment. "The most specific words to

search on, since they are the two systems the prompt names" is a reason. "The sharpest

term" is not.

 

Self-containment

 

A reader with no document must be able to follow. Do not lean on the

chat, a prior conversation, or shared context to make a sentence make sense. If a sentence

only reads clearly because you just explained it out loud, it fails. Rewrite it so the

mechanism and the reason sit in the sentence itself.

 

Standardized vocabulary

 

Use the actual system's own terms. Never substitute an analogy or a synonym for a term the

underlying system already names. Pick one name per thing and repeat it; do not rotate

synonyms.

 

Do not invent a label for a thing the data names

 

Make it scannable

 

Break paragraphs into bullet lists. Group bullets by category when the output splits that

way. Verbatim data first, then one short summary sentence. No wall of prose where a list

works.

 

Centralize

 

One fact lives in one place. If a summary block repeats every step's own output almost

verbatim, cut it or reduce it to only the facts the verdict actually rests on. Do not

restate

 

Cut fluff

 

Delete on sight: "Verified live", "Checked live", "real" as an intensifier, "Note that",

"It is worth noting", "Importantly". State the fact. Stop.

 

Be direct

 

- Get to the point as fast as possible. No wind-up.

- Fewest words possible. Sacrifice grammar for concision and intuition over correctness.

- Simple, plain language a reader understands on the first pass.

 

 

MOST IMPORTANT, do NOT keep any historic context, inline doc and docstring must only discuss the business logic, things that are ambiguous that can't be derive from the code itself. ADR when applicable and makes sense.

 

 

Writing voice:

Plain, direct verbs: "we want to deploy," "it takes long," "I thought we just need to modify," "can you review," "knock out."

Short sentences that state the thing plainly, then the reason in the next sentence.

Contractions and casual connectors: "it's," "we need to," "this is because," "so that we can."

No hedging, but also no stiff "The difference. / The forced behavior." label scaffolding.

You explain cause to effect in flowing lines: "This is still unclear on how the differences between the two APIs and the capability of Retrieval API affect the final result."

You name the concrete thing: "the doc can say ... Search API is able to use the select clause to choose a specific field to focus on, reducing noise. Whereas Retrieval API doesn't have that capability and has to look through all fields. This means that on use cases where user asks about xyz, Retrieval API results in worse output due to the noise."

So the label scaffolding ("The difference / The forced behavior / The consequence") is too stiff. You write it as flowing sentences that walk difference to behavior to cost, in plain words. Here's the revised version of each, in your voice.